ReliaQuest GreyMatter DRP Event Collector (#32105)
demisto/content: Packs/DigitalShadows/Integrations/ReliaQuestGreyMatterDRPEventCollector/README.md

    |------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
    | Server URL                         | URL for the Relia Quest API instance.                                                                                                                              | True                                                                                |
    | Account ID                         | The account ID for the Reila Quest instance.                                                                                                                       | True                                                                                |
    | Maximum number of events per fetch | The maximum number of events to fetch every time fetch is executed. Default is 200. | True |

>     | Trust any certificate (not secure) | By default, SSL verification is enabled. If selected, the connection isn’t secure and all requests return an SSL error because the certificate cannot be verified. | False                                                                               |

Author: it doesn't indeed make sense, nice catch, ill update it.

    | Password                           | The password to authenticate Relia Quest Event Collector                                                                                                            | False                                                                               |
5. Click **Test** to validate the URLs, token, and connection.

## Relia quest GreyMatter DRP EventCollector Authentication
Requests to all operation endpoints require HTTP Basic authentication, using dedicated (high entropy) API credentials. These normally consist of a six character key, and a 32 character 'secret'. Note that you will not be able to use your normal email/password login details with the HTTP Basic authentication mechanism.

Contact your Digital Shadows representative to obtain API credentials.

To authenticate the integration, you must have a username, password and account ID. To get the account ID, see [here](https://portal-digitalshadows.com/api/stored-objects/portal/searchlight-api-docs/SearchLightAPI_APIKey_AccountId2.pdf).
## Limitations

> The Relia Quest product can return rate-limits when doing too many http-requests. Increasing the Maximum number of events per fetch parameter to high numbers can cause rate-limits. The integration knows how to recover from those rate-limits automatically in some cases, but not in all of them. For more information about rate-limits, see  [here](https://portal-digitalshadows.com/learn/searchlight-api/overview/rate-limiting)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Relia Quest product can return rate-limits when doing too many http-requests. Increasing the Maximum number of events per fetch parameter to high numbers can cause rate-limits. The integration can recover from those rate-limits automatically in some cases. For more information about rate-limits, see  [here](https://portal-digitalshadows.com/learn/searchlight-api/overview/rate-limiting)
```

    | Password                           | The password to autheticate Relia Quest Event Collector                                                                                                            | False |
5. Click **Test** to validate the URLs, token, and connection.

## Relia quest GreyMatter DRP EventCollector Authentication
Requests to all operation endpoints require HTTP Basic authentication, using dedicated (high entropy) API credentials. These normally consist of a six character key, and a 32 character 'secret'. Note that you will not be able to use your normal email/password login details with the HTTP Basic authentication mechanism.

Please contact your Digital Shadows representative to obtain API credentials.

To authenticate the integration, it is required to have username, password and account-id, to get the account-id refer to [here](https://portal-digitalshadows.com/api/stored-objects/portal/searchlight-api-docs/SearchLightAPI_APIKey_AccountId2.pdf)

## Limitations

> * The Relia Quest product can return rate-limits when doing too many http-requests, increasing the **Maximum number of events per fetch** parameter to high numbers can cause rate-limits. The integration knows to recover from those rate-limits automatically in some cases, but not in all of them. For more information about rate-limits refer [here](https://portal-digitalshadows.com/learn/searchlight-api/overview/rate-limiting)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Relia Quest product can return rate-limits when doing too many http-requests. Increasing the Maximum number of events per fetch parameter to high numbers can cause rate-limits. The integration knows how to recover from those rate-limits automatically in some cases, but not in all of them. For more information about rate-limits, see  [here](https://portal-digitalshadows.com/learn/searchlight-api/overview/rate-limiting)
```
